---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabrics-v1alpha1_isl_ping_list Data Source - fabrics-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# fabrics-v1alpha1_isl_ping_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) This workflow is used to ping ISLs (Inter-Switch Links) to verify connectivity within a Fabric.
It accepts a list of fabrics, ISLs, or selectors for both to match ISLs,
and returns the results of the pings, including the status of each ISL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) The result of the ISL ping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) Count is the number of pings to send.
- `isl_selectors` (List of String) Inter-Switch Link Selectors is a list of selectors to execute ISL pings for.
This is a list of label expressions, e.g. ["eda.nokia.com/role=leaf", "eda.nokia.com/region=us-west"].
- `isls` (List of String) Inter-Switch Links is a list of named ISL resources to execute ISL pings for.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds is the timeout for the ping in seconds.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes List) Details contains the results of the pings performed for each ISL.
Each entry in the list corresponds to an ISL that was pinged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--details))
- `result` (String) Result is the overall result of the ping operation.
It can be one of the following values:
- "Success": All pings were successful.
- "Failed": No pings were successful.
- "PartialSuccess": Some pings were successful, but not all.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.details`

Read-Only:

- `details_1` (Attributes) Details of the ping result, if available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--details--details_1))
- `error` (String) Error message, if the ping failed.
- `name` (String) Name of the ping result.
- `success` (Boolean) Indicates if the ping was successful.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--details--details_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.details.details_1`

Read-Only:

- `average_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Average time taken for a ping reply.
- `max_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Maximum time taken for a ping reply.
- `min_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Minimum time taken for a ping reply.
- `received` (Number) Number of pings received.
- `sent` (Number) Number of pings sent.
- `std_dev_nanoseconds` (Number) Standard deviation of time taken for all pings.
- `total_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Total time taken for all pings.
